#Sunday, April 22nd

##The Verdict
Great for big, family-style meals.  Would eat again.

##Setting
After my last ADI meeting ever, nine of us went out for dinner.  We debated the
idea of going to Rack and Soul, then dropped it for Saji's and Chipotle and
meeting back up at Schap 11, our perennial hangout.  Nobody wanted to go to
Chipotle though, and as we were about to go to Saji's, someone said, "Actually,
let's go to Rack and Soul."  That was a pretty good argument, so we did it.
Vivek had been there before, but only once.  We were ushered into the furthest
back room, and seated at a huge table, the only table in the restaurant that
could possibly accomodate all nine of us.  Immediately we decided, we had to
eat family style.

##Weather
Raining buckets, also cold.  I had a funny shaped umbrella, Kathy's umbrella
knocked into everybody and separated her from us, Vivek didn't have an
umbrella, or even a hood.

##Food
The food was generally quite good.

###Entrees
Let the games begin.  Entrees each came with two sides.

####Ribs (1x, half rack)
Great ribs.  Good with sauce, or without, but better with sauce.  The sweet
sauce was good.  So was the spicy.  The ribs had a deep, smoky taste that the
sweet sauce really complimented.  The spicy sauce was not very spicy, and not
as rich as the sweet sauce, but was still pretty good.

####Chicken (2x, 3pcs each)
Great chicken.  At first it tastes a little boring, basically like chicken, and
then the spices embedded in the skin and even into some of the chicken meat
begin to hit your tongue, and you're in for a world of flavor.  Not too fatty,
not too skinny.  Very succulent, almost slides off the bone.

####Pulled Pork (3x)
It was ok.  When I first had it, I didn't add any sauce, and it was very
dry.  Sid told me I was an idiot and that of course I needed to add sauce.
Sauce improved it, but it still wasn't as juicy as I wanted it to be.  When I
think of pulled pork, I imagine the perfect pulled pork sandwich, which always
somehow managed to taste sloppier than a sloppy joe, despite needing half as
many napkins.  Even with some sauce added, it was dessicated.

##Sides
Good sides, more substantive than expected, especially the waffle.

###Mac and Cheese (5x)
I think I single-handedly ate 1.5 Mac and Cheeses.  These were pretty good,
although in retrospect, not spectacular.  Extremely straightforward mac and
cheese with elbow pasta.  Very solid, tasted just like mac and cheese, no
frills.  Went well with the sauce.

###Baked Beans (1x)
We had a system where everyone ordered one item.  This was my one item.  It was
good, but could have been meatier.  Bacon fat, anyone?

###Okra (2x)
Didn't try it, hearsay says it was good.

###Asparagus (1x)
I don't know asparagus for shit, but it was okay.

###Cole Slaw (1x)
Didn't try it, didn't hear anything about it.

###Potato Salad (1x)
Very eggy, pretty good.  Not anything to write home about.

###Waffle (1x)
Came with legit maple syrup and melted butter.  As in liquid butter.  The syrup
and butter were great, but the waffle itself was extremely boring, except for
its size, which was massive.  Tasted like a waffle.  You could actually barely
taste the waffle, it was mostly just a vehicle for the butter and syrup.

##Bathrooms
Dunno, didn't use.

##Service
Okay, not great.  We were the only group in the back of the restaurant though,
so it wasn't astonishing that the waiter didn't check up on us constantly.