#Monday, April 23rd

Reviewer: Moses Nakamura

##The Verdict
Delicious, good for groups of not too big size, because the restaurant is
fairly small.  One of the best ramen places in town.

##Setting
The Data Driven Modeling dinner crowd was having trouble deciding where to go.
I suggested Waffel & Dinges, but people said they wanted something more
substantive.  Furthermore, we wouldn't have a good place to sit down with the
waffle truck.  I asked Jake Hofman whether he wanted to eat with us, but he
thought I was asking where to eat, and he suggested Kitchenette.  I think
Kitchenette is not very much bang for your buck, and Vivek pointed out that
Jin Ramen is pretty close by.  Willie ditched us because he's a punk, but the
rest of us went to Jin Ramen.  There was a fifteen minute wait because our
group was relatively large, but given that at the same time at Ippudo the wait
would have been four times as long, I thought it was pretty reasonable.  There
isn't a big enough area inside to wait for five people, so we waited outside,
since it wasn't too cold yet.  A beggar came by while we were waiting and I
instinctively moved aside to let him into our circle, which was, in retrospect,
a bad move.  We were seated at one of the legit tables, rather than at the bar,
which was fun and great for talking, but I missed being able to see the chefs
prepare the food.  Kui asked me about my monetary policy, and Justin pointed
out that the utility that we got out of our very small amounts of money that
we make now is a lot more than the utility we would get out of the same amount
of money in a few years.

##Weather
Overcast, cool for April, the air felt heavy and expectant, although it rained
yesterday.  Something is coming.  It felt more like autumn than like spring.

##Food
The food was damn good, although I thought my noodles were weird--more on that
later.

###Entrees
Variety is the spice of life.  Salt is another spice of life.  Each of us got
one bowl of ramen, for obvious reasons.

####Tonkotsu Ramen (1x + 1x kaedama)
I got the miso ramen before, which was great and had an incredible diversity of
flavors.  I sort of thought of the miso ramen as the weird American ramen,
since it had corn and other odd things in it, for example I don't think
bok choy is a normal Japanese ramen topping.  But enough about the miso ramen.
I knew what it tasted like (quite good), so I decided to branch out a little.
I ordered the tonkotsu, which Vivek mentioned had been good in the past.
Indeed, Vivek was not fucking with me.  The nori, which I saved for the end so
that my kaedama was flavored by it, was great.  The egg was great, and
especially flavorful.  They were soft boiled, and wikipedia tells me that they
were steeped in soy sauce, mirin, and water.  It probably boiled a little bit more in the ramen, because it was half cut open, and seemed relatively congealed for a soft-boiled egg.  Anyway, it was great.  Made me a little jealous of
the shoyu ramen, to be honest.  The char siu was incredible.  The flavors were
incredible.  I almost couldn't believe I was just eating pork.  It was fatty,
but not disgustingly so, and even small bites packed enough punch to make it
an enjoyable experience.  I ate it bit by bit so that I could save flavor for
my kaedama, but once it came, finishing the char siu was the first thing I did.
The noodles were a little odd, I thought.  They were very thin, which I have
seen in ramen before, but I thought they tasted almost fruity.  They didn't
soak up the flavors of the broth as well as I had hoped they would.  On the
other hand, they were still damn good, although it made the dish a little
thinner than I usually expect tonkotsu to be.  Would eat again.

###Appetizers
Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  This was shared over
the entire table.

####Kara-age (1x)
Japanese-style fried chicken, it is sort of like popcorn chicken, except the
herbs and spices and more delicious and secret and wonderful.  It came with a
side of cabbage, sort of like Japanese coleslaw.  I should probably know what
it's called, but I don't find it that incredible in general, so I've never
investigated.  The kara-age is salty, the breading is quite well done, and it
has an interesting citrus-y flavor, which I think is yuzu.  Basically, flavor
crystals exploding in your mouth.  Literally mouth-wateringly good.  There was
also a slice of lemon that as far as I could tell, only Kui and I took
advantage of.  The sourness went well with the saltiness, and I didn't feel
like it drowned out the other flavors by any means.

####Nankotsu Kara-age (1x)
Literally fried chicken with cartilage.  I wasn't that into the cartilage, even
though Vivek said it was going to be great, and it was their specialty.
I think cartilage is weird tasting, and it has an odd texture.  I was not
thrilled by this, although it had the same nice herbs and spices as the
kara-age.  I would have been happy just getting two kara-age.  Still tasted
good, but it was clearly inferior, and also more expensive than the kara-age.

##Bathroom
Didn't go, so no idea.

##Service
Quite good.  Much better than when I went before.  We ordered out appetizers
first and asked for more time for the entrees, and they were gone for a while
after that, but I think that was a tactical error on our part, not a service
error on theirs.  Very easy to catch a server's eye, and although they forgot
about Kui's kaedama, they were very quick about it when reminded.  They did the
trick of recording who ordered what so they didn't have to ask us who was
expecting which dish, which I always appreciate.