# Saturday, April 14th

Reviewer: Zhehao Mao

## The Verdict

Really great and pretty authentic Shanghai cuisine. Has quite a wide variety
of dishes. Order family style so that everyone can experience the different
tastes the menu has to offer.

## Setting

On this day, my parents came to vist me after house-hunting on Long Island. 
Like your typical Chinese-American family, we decided to go down to Chinatown
for lunch. On Mott Street, we found a cluster of restaurants for various 
regional cuisines. Old Shanghai Deluxe caught our attention because, well, 
we're from Shanghai.

## Food

The food was pretty good. A bit greasy, but certainly much better than most
Chinese food we've had in the United States. The dishes we ordered were a 
bit exotic by American standards. This is why I would suggest you know a bit
about Chinese cuisine already or bring a friend who does. By this I mean you
(or your friend) should have traveled to China before and eaten the food there.
If no such person is available, just try to order what seems to be the most 
exotic thing on the menu. If you just order food that you typically get at
Chinese restaurants, you probably won't get the full experience.

### Appetizer

#### Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumpling)

Xiao Long Bao is one of the most famous Shanghainese specialties. It is a 
steamed bun with a very special filling: ground meat and soup. The soup is
cooked into the dumpling by filling the dumpling with a gelatinized mixture
prior to cooking, which melts into the liquid form during cooking. The result
is generally very delicious, and the ones we had here were no exception. The
only criticism I have is that the dumplings were a bit overfilled, causing
the soup to spurt out a little bit after you bite into it.

### Entrees

#### Chopped Eel w/ Mushroom and Bamboo Shoots

Eel is one of those foods that is quite ubiquitous in China but incredibly 
hard to come by in the US, since the eel used in the dish is not native to
North American waters. The waitress assured us that the eel was fresh though,
so perhaps they were shipped over from Asia live. At any rate, it was delicious.
The eel was braised with a brown sauce and cooked with bamboo shoots, mushroom,
and ginger (don't actually eat the ginger, it's only there for flavoring).

#### Dou Miao (Pea Shoots)

Dou Miao are the leaves of the pea plant. They have quite a unique texture, as
they are rather soft and tender compared to other leafy vegetables. Our dish 
was served sauteed with a little bit of garlic. They used a bit too much oil, 
but it was quite tasty notetheless. 

#### Baked Tilapia 

This tilapia was baked with some scallions in a soy-based sauce. It was baked
for a long time, so the meat is really tender. Be forewarned, the fish has a 
lot of spines and is quite difficult to eat. 

## Service

The service was okay. We came when they were pretty busy, so they weren't 
always prompt to address our needs. Also, we ordered in Chinese, so I can't 
attest to their English. It's probably best if you bring someone who can speak
Mandarin. 
